hi I'm Laurie from time to play meg calm
and this is a game called skateboard
madness and it is from mine twister USA
something you should know about this
game before going into it there is a lot
going on it has a big ol 15 page
instruction booklet and is really
recommended that you read through all
the instructions before you play there
are a few reference cards that each
player can hold on to if they need to
check back on something as they're
playing now the object of this game is
to win the X Games championship in
skateboarding every player starts with 6
trick cards and on your turn you draw
another trick card and you've got to lay
down a skate session or a group of trick
cards now the rules don't specifically
state how many cards you must put down
in order to have a skate session but all
the examples have 3 or more cards so
we're gonna go with 3 cards being the
minimum for a skate session now each
card as you can see has a different
number of value and you've got to lay
down cards in order to play your skate
session so I'm gonna do a 1 a 2 and
another one let's keep it low so 1 plus
1 plus 2 is a 4
now I have to roll my dice and try to
get a 4 or higher oh let's see if we can
do it I did it I got an 8 fantastic I
made my skate session I did my trick and
so that means that I can move my pawn
piece along the game board and you move
your pawn piece the number that you have
put in the skate session so I'm gonna be
moving 4 but you have to break it up so
first the first card I put down was a 1
I move one space the next card I put
down was a 2 I moved 2 spaces and the
next card I put down was the 1 so I move
1 spaces now there's different spaces
that you can land on as you play and
there's a lot of different things that
happen on these spaces which we'll get
to in a second if you were to not roll
the required number for your skate
session you still get to move everything
but you don't get to do anything or pick
up anything you also have to roll this
chance die and there are three different
sides a random card which is where you
draw a card and then you just follow
those instructions on a lee side where
you can cross any Ollie gaps or other
players on the board and a slam side
which will either heal an injury or
caused you to take a slam token so let's
get to this spaces
so many spaces on this game where you
have trivia spaces where you take a
trivia card and have to answer a
question about skateboarding to earn
style tokens a heal thyself space where
you pick up bandage tokens you can also
collect sponsor cards and pro and
Legends cards and even if you land on
the Woodward skate camp space get a
chance to collect more trick cards now
to win you have to get to the X game
space here in the middle and lay down 25
points of a skate session and then roll
a 25 or higher with all the dice that is
available to you there's much more to
the game than this so again you really
need to read the instructions so you
know how to play what dice to roll and
how to move along the board this is
definitely for skateboard fans ages 6
and up because there's no physical
skateboarding involved even if you don't
know how to skateboard you can still
play the game but it does helps know a
little something about skateboarding and
its history especially if you're going
to be answering those trivia questions
the character pawns are really cute and
feature female and male animals
skateboarders and we really like the
skateboard shaped game board you do need
to things strategically in this game to
plan where you're gonna move and how big
of a skate session you want to put down
and you do need to have lots of patience
as you learn how to play the game if you
want to find out more information on
this game so just how much it costs and
where to buy then come visit time to
play mag comm your number one source for
all things play